added extensionUtils and spec (#3517)
DataDog/browser-sdk: test/apps/extensions/extension/README.md

> Basic extension with Manifest v3 to use in e2e tests regarding isExtensionEnvironment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic Manifest v3 extension used in end-to-end tests for isExtensionEnvironment.
```

Author: Thanks!
